So far we have seen how to calculate the data for the output node.
Why is it important to calculate the data.
Because if we can calculate the gradient and we can decide that how much we should adjust the actuates
for the national network as you can see we have a completely different equation that in order to be
able to calculate the data for the hidden layer.
It's going to be equal minus the derivative of the sigmoid function.
And of course we have to apply it for the some times the sum of the weights and previously are doubters.
So because we have a previously or data because this is the output layer we have already calculated
it.
And if we want to calculate this node data or data output as we call it for this given now we're on
we just have to use this equation.
Okay.
As I said earlier sometimes this negative value is here sometimes it can be mated.
It depends on how we define the errors.
Okay.
So in this case the data for this node is equal to the derivative of the sigmoid function.
Was it a sum.
We have already calculated it because we have the input.
Now we don't basically.
And we have already calculated that that was the Sarmad for this given node that suppose that it is
minus 0.50 one.
OK times we have to sum up all the educates and no doubt us going to the next Slayer because we have
just a single edge.
This is why we can say that we have to multiply the educate minus 0.2 to two times that previously your
data which is zero darte 1 to 2 and it's going to be equal to 0.00 6 is going to be the data for these
given now Rawn.
And we have to calculate it for all that now owns except for the buyers Snoad and except for the input
nodes.
So again we have a different equation for the output layer data but after we have calculated it we can
use this equation for calculating the hidden layers data.
We just have to use that derivative of the sigmoid function.
This is why I said that we definitely need that derivative of the activation function when we would
like to train now and that of Europe.
We are not able to use an activation function that doesn't have any derivative because we do need the
derivative of the activation function.
When we calculate that data is because this is how we calculate the gradient.
And this is how we use back propagation by the way.
So this is how we calculate the data.
Okay what's important that we don't have to calculate the no data for the bias nodes and impot nodes.
And why do we need it.
We need no data.
In order to calculate this basically this is the gradient.
So the deliberative of the cost function or the mean square error with respect to the W adulate is going
to be equal to the delta times the import.
So this is the no data at the output node and this input is the activation of the now on import.
Why is it good.
Because we can use this equation when we are dealing with back propagation in the next video.
We are going to take a look at back propagation.
Thanks for watching.